{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green28\blue31;\red42\green49\blue64;\red14\green18\blue29;
\red47\green48\blue44;\red131\green188\blue59;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c14510\c16078;\cssrgb\c21569\c25490\c31765;\cssrgb\c6667\c9412\c15294;
\cssrgb\c24314\c24706\c22745;\cssrgb\c57647\c77255\c29412;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs76\fsmilli38400 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Who we are?
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 \strokec3 At Sunshine Landscape Management, we are dedicated to bringing your outdoor dreams to life through our expert landscape design, meticulous lawn maintenance, and state-of-the-art irrigation services. With a passion for creating vibrant and sustainable outdoor environments, we take pride in turning ordinary spaces into breathtaking landscapes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf4 Service\'a0Pages:\'a0
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf4 Landscape Design Excellence
\f1\b0 :\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 Our team of experienced and creative landscape designers is committed to crafting unique and personalized outdoor spaces that reflect your vision and lifestyle. Whether you envision a tranquil garden, a vibrant floral paradise, or a modern and minimalist oasis, Sunshine Landscape Company has the expertise to make it a reality. We work closely with you to understand your preferences, ensuring that every design element enhances the beauty and functionality of your outdoor area.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \strokec4 Lawn Maintenance Beyond Expectations:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 A lush and well-maintained lawn is the excellence of a beautiful landscape. At Sunshine Landscape Company, we go beyond conventional lawn care by offering comprehensive maintenance services that keep your green spaces thriving. From regular mowing and fertilization to weed control and pest management, our team is dedicated to ensuring your lawn remains healthy and picture-perfect throughout the seasons.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \strokec4 Efficient Irrigation Solutions
\f1\b0 :\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 We understand the importance of efficient water management in maintaining a thriving landscape. Our irrigation experts specialize in designing and installing cutting-edge irrigation systems tailored to your specific needs. Whether it's a residential garden or a commercial property, we prioritize water conservation while ensuring your plants receive the optimal amount of hydration. Our smart irrigation solutions are designed to save you time, money, and contribute to a greener environment.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 \strokec4 Why Choose Sunshine Landscape Management:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Expertise: Our team comprises skilled professionals with a passion for creating stunning outdoor spaces.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Personalized Approach: We collaborate closely with clients to tailor designs and services to their unique preferences.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Sustainability: We prioritize eco-friendly practices in both design and maintenance to create landscapes that stand the test of time.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Customer Satisfaction: Your satisfaction is our priority, and we strive to exceed expectations with every project.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Timely and Reliable:\cf3 \strokec3 \'a0We understand the importance of punctuality and reliability. Count on us to deliver services on time, every time.\'a0\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf3 Contact Page info:\'a0
\f1\b0 \
\
Transform your outdoor space with Sunshine Landscape Company \'96 where creativity meets precision, and your landscape dreams become a reality. Contact us today to embark on a journey to a more vibrant and beautiful outdoor environment.\'a0\
\
\

\f0\b Contact form:
\f1\b0 \
\
Name:\'a0\
Email:\
Phone Number:\
Project Type: data box or a selection box whichever is easier for you.\'a0\'a0\
Data selection would be "landscape maintenance, landscaping, install irrigation or repair."\'a0\'a0\
\

\f0\b Footer on all Pages:\'a0
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs31\fsmilli15750 \cf5 \strokec5 Address\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf5 14606 Jones Maltsberger\
San Antonio, Texas 78247
\fs31\fsmilli15750 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf5 Phone:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:210-585-2701"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \strokec6 210-585-2701}}\
Email:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:slandscapemgmt@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \strokec6 slandscapemgmt@gmail.com}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf5 2024 \'a9 Sunshine Landscape Management , Raymond Dady\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 \strokec7 \
PAGES:
\f4\b  SERVICE\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 PROJECT\'a0 \'a0CONTACT\'a0
\f3\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf0 Project Page
\f3\b0  I will select the best one from existing site plus new ones, Not as many as existing site\'a0\
\
The best format site example without us making it a 10 page site:\'a0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://alamocitytreeserviceandlandscaping.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \ul \ulc8 \strokec8 alamocitytreeserviceandlandscaping.com}}\'a0\
\
}